Use non APIPA when assigning IP Address (#4032)
cortexproject/cortex: CHANGELOG.md

## master / unreleased

> * [ENHANCEMENT] Ingester/Query-Frontend: Avoid using automatic private IPs (APIPA) upon assignment. APIPA still used as last resort with logging indicating usage. #4032

Reviewer: @jbvmio Would you mind moving this entry down so it is above the other `ENHANCEMENT` entries?

```suggestion
* [ENHANCEMENT] Ingester/Query-Frontend: Avoid using automatic private IPs (APIPA) upon assignment. APIPA still used as last resort with logging indicating usage. #4032
```

Author: No problem, done.

* [CHANGE] Alertmanager: allowed to configure the experimental receivers firewall on a per-tenant basis. The following CLI flags (and their respective YAML config options) have been changed and moved to the limits config section: #4143
  - `-alertmanager.receivers-firewall.block.cidr-networks` renamed to `-alertmanager.receivers-firewall-block-cidr-networks`
  - `-alertmanager.receivers-firewall.block.private-addresses` renamed to `-alertmanager.receivers-firewall-block-private-addresses`

> * [CHANGE] Distributor: Added ring status section in the admin page #4151

Reviewer 2: This should not be here. Master already has updated version of this changelog entry.

* [CHANGE] Change default value of `-server.grpc.keepalive.min-time-between-pings` to `10s` and `-server.grpc.keepalive.ping-without-stream-allowed` to `true`. #4168

> * [FEATURE] Alertmanager: Added rate-limits to email notifier. Rate limits can be configured using `-alertmanager.email-notification-rate-limit` and `-alertmanager.email-notification-burst-size`. These limits are applied on individual alertmanagers. Rate-limited email notifications are failed notifications. It is possible to monitor rate-limited notifications via new `cortex_alertmanager_notification_rate_limited_total` metric. #4135

Reviewer 2: This should not be here. Master already has updated version of this changelog entry.

  * `cortex_alertmanager_state_persist_failed_total`
* [ENHANCEMENT] Blocks storage: support ingesting exemplars.  Enabled by setting new CLI flag `-blocks-storage.tsdb.max-exemplars=<n>` or config option `blocks_storage.tsdb.max_exemplars` to positive value. #4124
* [ENHANCEMENT] Distributor: Added distributors ring status section in the admin page. #4151

> * [ENHANCEMENT] Ingester/Query-Frontend: Avoid using automatic private IPs (APIPA) upon assignment. APIPA still used as last resort with logging indicating usage. #4032

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [ENHANCEMENT] Ring, query-frontend: Avoid using automatic private IPs (APIPA) when discovering IP address from the interface during the registration of the instance in the ring, or by query-frontend when used with query-scheduler. APIPA still used as last resort with logging indicating usage. #4032
```

Author: Looks good.
